feature(packaging): Proof of concept (#977)
logos-co/nomos-node: nomos-bundler/README.md

# Nomos Bundler

This crate performs the bundling tasks for other Nomos' crates.

## Usage

> Any crate that needs to be bundled should have their own file in the `src` directory of this crate,
> with the same name as the bundled crate, and implement their bundling logic.

Reviewer: > with the same name as the bundled crate

Considering our current directory structure: `nomos-bundler/nomos-cli/bundle.rs`,

I think it might be clearer to say like below. What do you think about this?

```suggestion
Any crate that needs to be bundled should have their own directory in the `src` directory of this crate,
with the same name as the bundled crate, and it should contain a file that implements their bundling logic.
```

Author: It's indeed much better phrased the way you put it.

That being said, you made me rethink if it's a good idea to be this specific: I feel like when working on the remaining bundles we will arrive at a "single bundling binary" solution. I don't really know, though.

Reviewer: It would be good if we can have the single bundling binary somehow but I'm totally fine with the current approach implemented in this PR :)
